# University Work Repositories
## DISCLAIMER
**ANY COURSEWORK OR PRIVATE FILES INCLUDED HERE ARE EXPIRED. I AM NOT SHARING ANY COURSEWORK FILES WHOSE DEADLINES ARE YET TO PASS.**
## Overview
This repository is used to annotate and list all my University work.

## Related Repositories
Keep in mind, not all courses warranted full GitHub repositories or did not allow for publishing of coursework at all, and as such I have no trace of them online.

### Year 2

Related Course Name| Repository | Description |
 --- | --- | --- 
 Informatics 2C - Computer Systems | Coursework 1: MIPS Processor Simulator (C) <br> <br> ***This is a private repository but the code can be made available upon request.**| Course syllabus: <br><ul><li>The binary representation and manipulation of atomic data.</li><li>The structure of a typical instruction set</li><li>The environment in which a program executes, and the notion of processes and virtual memory</li><li>Combinational logic - how simple stateless building blocks such as adders, multiplexers and decoders can be constructed from logic elements.</li><li>Sequential logic - how components with state, such as latches, registers, register files and memories can be constructed from logic elements.</li><li>Processor structure - how a simple instruction set can be implemented using combinational and sequential logic components.</li></ul>
 Informatics 2C - Introduction to Software Engineering |[Coursework 1: Bike Rental System (Java)](https://github.com/hwixley/Bike-Rental-System-CW3)| Course syllabus: <ul><li>Software engineering as a discipline: history, professionalism, ethics</li><li>Software engineering activities: requirements capture; design; implementation; testing, debugging, and maintenance; software process management.</li><li>Modelling in UML (use cases, class diagrams, sequence diagrams).</li><li>Design principles and their influence on maintainability of software.</li><li>Software configuration management.</li><li>Verification, validation and testing.</li><li>Software usability and HCI issues.</li><li>Economic and social aspects of software ownership, patents and licensing.</li><li>Software quality assurance.</li></ul>
Informatics 2B - Learning | [Coursework 2: Data Manipulation, Modelling, Representation and Analysis (MatLab)](https://github.com/hwixley/Inf2B-Coursework2) | Course syllabus:<ul><li>Statistical pattern recognition and machine learning</li><li>Multidimensional data</li><li>Discrete data and Naive Bayes</li><li>Modelling and describing continuous data: nearest neighbours and clustering</li><li>Gaussians and linear discriminants</li><li>Single and multi-layer neural networks</li></ul>
Informatics 2D - Reasoning & Agents| [Coursework 1: Tree Traversal Algorithms (Haskell)](https://github.com/hwixley/Inf2D-Coursework1) <br> <br> [Coursework 2: Implementation of a Travelling Agent (PPDL)](https://github.com/hwixley/Inf2D-Coursework2) | Course syllabus: <ul><li>Intelligent Agents</li><li>Search based planning (A*, Depth/Breadth-first etc) with Haskell implementations</li><li>FOL and Logical knowledge representations</li><li>Acting in uncertain environments</li></ul>
Introduction to Algorithms and Data Structures | [Coursework 3: The Travelling Salesman Problem (Python)](https://github.com/hwixley/IADS-Coursework3) | Course syllabus:<ul><li>Asymptotic notation and algorithmic analysis</li><li>Sequential data structures (lists, stacks, queues)</li><li>Basic and more advanced sorting algorithms</li><li>Tree data structures, heaps and priority queues</li><li>Hashing and dictionaries</li><li>Graphs and graph algorithms</li><li>Dynamic programming</li><li>The classes P and NP</li><li>Implementations of certain algorithms from the course and formal proofs</li></ul>

### Year 3

Related Course Name| Repository | Description |
 --- | --- | --- 
Algorithms and Data Structures | **All courseworks were mathematical problems and thus were handwritten. Digital copies of these works can be provided upon request.** | Course syllabus: <br><ul><li>The binary representation and manipulation of atomic data.</li><li>The structure of a typical instruction set</li><li>The environment in which a program executes, and the notion of processes and virtual memory</li><li>Combinational logic - how simple stateless building blocks such as adders, multiplexers and decoders can be constructed from logic elements.</li><li>Sequential logic - how components with state, such as latches, registers, register files and memories can be constructed from logic elements.</li><li>Processor structure - how a simple instruction set can be implemented using combinational and sequential logic components.</li></ul>
Introductory Applied Machine Learning |[Coursework 1: Linear Regression, Nonlinear Regression, Decision Trees, ROC curves (Python)](https://github.com/hwixley/) <br> <br> [Coursework 2: PCA, Logistic Regression, SVMs, Clustering, GMMs (Python)](https://github.com/hwixley/)| Course syllabus: <ul><li>Software engineering as a discipline: history, professionalism, ethics</li><li>Software engineering activities: requirements capture; design; implementation; testing, debugging, and maintenance; software process management.</li><li>Modelling in UML (use cases, class diagrams, sequence diagrams).</li><li>Design principles and their influence on maintainability of software.</li><li>Software configuration management.</li><li>Verification, validation and testing.</li><li>Software usability and HCI issues.</li><li>Economic and social aspects of software ownership, patents and licensing.</li><li>Software quality assurance.</li></ul>
Informatics Large Practical | [Coursework 1: Optimal Drone Flight Algorithm Client (Java)](https://github.com/hwixley/) | Course syllabus:<ul><li>Statistical pattern recognition and machine learning</li><li>Multidimensional data</li><li>Discrete data and Naive Bayes</li><li>Modelling and describing continuous data: nearest neighbours and clustering</li><li>Gaussians and linear discriminants</li><li>Single and multi-layer neural networks</li></ul>
Professional Issues | [Case study on the lawsuit between Epic Games and Apple/Google](https://github.com/hwixley/)| Course syllabus: <ul><li>Intelligent Agents</li><li>Search based planning (A*, Depth/Breadth-first etc) with Haskell implementations</li><li>FOL and Logical knowledge representations</li><li>Acting in uncertain environments</li></ul>
Computer Security | **Course is currently underway.** | Course syllabus:<ul><li>Asymptotic notation and algorithmic analysis</li><li>Sequential data structures (lists, stacks, queues)</li><li>Basic and more advanced sorting algorithms</li><li>Tree data structures, heaps and priority queues</li><li>Hashing and dictionaries</li><li>Graphs and graph algorithms</li><li>Dynamic programming</li><li>The classes P and NP</li><li>Implementations of certain algorithms from the course and formal proofs</li></ul>
System Design Project | **Course is currently underway.** | Course syllabus:<ul><li>Asymptotic notation and algorithmic analysis</li><li>Sequential data structures (lists, stacks, queues)</li><li>Basic and more advanced sorting algorithms</li><li>Tree data structures, heaps and priority queues</li><li>Hashing and dictionaries</li><li>Graphs and graph algorithms</li><li>Dynamic programming</li><li>The classes P and NP</li><li>Implementations of certain algorithms from the course and formal proofs</li></ul>
Computer Communications and Networks | **Course is currently underway.** | Course syllabus:<ul><li>Topics covered in this course include: Internet (TCP/IP) architecture and protocols, network applications, congestion/flow/error control, routing and internetworking, data link protocols, error detection and correction, channel allocation and multiple access protocols, communication media and selected topics in wireless and data centre networks. </li><li>Recent advances in network control and management architectures by introducing the concepts of software-defined networking (SDN) and network (function) virtualisation</li><li>Hands-on experience in network programming using the socket API; network traffic/protocol analysis; and on assessment of alternative networked systems and architectures</li></ul>
